README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# 👋 Hello, I'm Jonas Pfalzgraf

### 💻 Full-Stack Developer | 🎨 Web Designer | 🚀 Open Source Enthusiast

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JosunLP/JosunLP/main/src/octo-left.png" alt="JosunLP Avatar" width="200px" height="auto" style="border-radius: 50%;">

---

### 🌐 Find me around the web

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/🌍_Website-JosunLP.de-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://josunlp.de)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonas-pfalzgraf/)
[![Dev.to](https://img.shields.io/badge/dev.to-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=devdotto&logoColor=white)](https://dev.to/josunlp)
[![Twitch Status](https://img.shields.io/twitch/status/josunlp?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitch&logoColor=white&label=Twitch%20Live&labelColor=%239146FF)
](https://www.twitch.tv/josunlp)
[![Mastodon Follow](https://img.shields.io/mastodon/follow/115203829086158181?domain=chaos.social&style=for-the-badge&logo=mastodon&label=mastodon)](https://chaos.social/@JosunLP)
[![Bluesky followers](https://img.shields.io/bluesky/followers/josunlp.de?style=for-the-badge&logo=bluesky&label=BlueSky)](https://bsky.app/profile/josunlp.de)
[![YouTube Channel Subscribers](https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/subscribers/UCTKNAx8547-Jkp-3BoDFmNQ?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white&label=YouTube&labelColor=red)](https://www.youtube.com/JosunLP)

### 📊 GitHub Stats

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=josunlp&style=for-the-badge&color=blueviolet)
![GitHub Followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/josunlp?label=Followers&style=for-the-badge&color=orange)

[![JosunLP's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=josunlp&show_icons=true&theme=midnight-purple&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

</div>

## 🚀 About Me

As a passionate **Full-Stack Developer**, I primarily work with modern technologies like **C# .NET**, **TypeScript**, **SASS**, and **PHP**. I love developing innovative solutions and supporting open-source projects.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

<div align="center">

### Languages & Frameworks

![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white)
![SASS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SASS&logoColor=white)

### Frontend Technologies

![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-4FC08D?style=for-the-badge&logo=vue.js&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Svelte](https://img.shields.io/badge/Svelte-4A4A55?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=FF3E00)
![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white)
[![GitMoji](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitmoji-%20😜%20😍-FFDD67.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://gitmoji.dev)

### Backend & Database

![.NET](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=.net&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-00000F?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)

</div>

## 📈 GitHub Analytics

<div align="center">

[![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=josunlp&layout=compact&theme=midnight-purple&hide_border=true&langs_count=8)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=josunlp&theme=midnight-purple&hide_border=true)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=josunlp&theme=tokyonight&row=2&margin-w=20&no-bg=true&no-frame=true)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)

![Random Dev Quote](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=tokyonight&border=true)

</div>

## 🎯 Featured Projects

> A selection of my favorite open-source projects

### 🎬 user-enable-pip

> **Browser Script for Picture-in-Picture**

A useful script that removes disabled Picture-in-Picture flags on websites. A follow-up development of the original ZDF and Crunchyroll scripts.

**🔗 Links:** [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/JosunLP/user-enable-pip/)

---

### 🚀 WAPS-Framework

> **PHP Web Application Framework**

A modular PHP web framework designed for fast and easy development of small to medium-sized projects. Originally started as a learning project, it continues to evolve into a solid, fully open-source PHP framework.

**✨ Features:**

- 🔧 Modular Architecture
- 📱 Responsive Design Support
- 🔒 Security-Focused
- 📚 Comprehensive Documentation

**🔗 Links:** [Live Demo](https://waps.josunlp.de/) | [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/WAPS-Project/WAPS-Framework)

---

### 🔍 KeywordFinder

> **Static Text Analysis Tool**

An intelligent tool to support text analysis, specifically for analyzing tender texts. Originally developed from my vocational school thesis and continues to be developed as an open-source project.

**🔗 Links:** [Live Demo](https://keywordfinder.josunlp.de/#/) | [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/JosunLP/KeywordFinder)

---

### 📺 SecureFeed

> **Cybersecurity RSS Feed Slideshow**

An elegant slideshow application that regularly reads various cybersecurity RSS feeds and displays the content. Perfect as an info screen in companies, hackerspaces, and private environments.

**🔗 Links:** [Live Demo](https://securefeed.josunlp.de/#/) | [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/JosunLP/SecureFeed)

---

### 🌐 Corsify-proxy

> **CORS Header Proxy API**

A simple proxy API that adds CORS headers to Atom and RSS feeds. Solves cross-origin issues when integrating external feeds into web applications.

**🔗 Links:** [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/JosunLP/Corsify-proxy)

---

### 🎨 Social-graphics-library

> **Open Source Graphics Generator**

The open-source version of the FearNixx Graphic Generator. Available under MPL-2.0 license and customizable by anyone. Includes AfDesign and SVG files for easy customization.

**🔗 Links:** [GitHub Organization](https://github.com/Social-graphics-library)

---

### 🛠️ FriendlyHelper

> **TypeScript Standard Library**

A TypeScript-based standard library with useful methods like GUID generation, number extraction from strings, and many other standard methods that usually need to be rewritten for each new project.

**🔗 Links:** [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/JosunLP/FriendlyHelper)

---

### 🔧 BrowserExtensionTemplate

> **Browser Extension Starter Template**

A basic template based on SASS and TypeScript for creating browser extensions without directly relying on larger frameworks.

**🔗 Links:** [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/JosunLP/BrowserExtensionTemplate)

## 💝 Support My Work

If you like my projects and want to support my work, I'd appreciate a small donation!

<div align="center">

[![Ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/JosunLP)

</div>

---

<div align="center">

### 🤝 Let's Stay Connected

I'm always happy to receive feedback, collaborations, or just a nice chat about technology and development.

**📧 Contact:** [Website](https://josunlp.de) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonas-pfalzgraf/)

---

_"Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it's bad."_ – Cory House

![Visitor Count](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=josunlp&style=flat-square&color=blue)

</div>

Commit message:

Revise project sections and links in README.md
Updated project descriptions and links in the README.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# 👋 Hello, I'm Jonas Pfalzgraf

### 💻 Full-Stack Developer | 🎨 Web Designer | 🚀 Open Source Enthusiast

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JosunLP/JosunLP/main/src/octo-left.png" alt="JosunLP Avatar" width="200px" height="auto" style="border-radius: 50%;">

---

### 🌐 Find me around the web

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/🌍_Website-JosunLP.de-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://josunlp.de)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonas-pfalzgraf/)
[![Dev.to](https://img.shields.io/badge/dev.to-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=devdotto&logoColor=white)](https://dev.to/josunlp)
[![Twitch Status](https://img.shields.io/twitch/status/josunlp?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitch&logoColor=white&label=Twitch%20Live&labelColor=%239146FF)
](https://www.twitch.tv/josunlp)
[![Mastodon Follow](https://img.shields.io/mastodon/follow/115203829086158181?domain=chaos.social&style=for-the-badge&logo=mastodon&label=mastodon)](https://chaos.social/@JosunLP)
[![Bluesky followers](https://img.shields.io/bluesky/followers/josunlp.de?style=for-the-badge&logo=bluesky&label=BlueSky)](https://bsky.app/profile/josunlp.de)
[![YouTube Channel Subscribers](https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/subscribers/UCTKNAx8547-Jkp-3BoDFmNQ?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white&label=YouTube&labelColor=red)](https://www.youtube.com/JosunLP)

### 📊 GitHub Stats

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=josunlp&style=for-the-badge&color=blueviolet)
![GitHub Followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/josunlp?label=Followers&style=for-the-badge&color=orange)

[![JosunLP's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=josunlp&show_icons=true&theme=midnight-purple&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

</div>

## 🚀 About Me

As a passionate **Full-Stack Developer**, I primarily work with modern technologies like **C# .NET**, **TypeScript**, **SASS**, and **PHP**. I love developing innovative solutions and supporting open-source projects.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

<div align="center">

### Languages & Frameworks

![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white)
![SASS](https://img.shields.io/badge/SASS-hotpink.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=SASS&logoColor=white)

### Frontend Technologies

![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-4FC08D?style=for-the-badge&logo=vue.js&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Svelte](https://img.shields.io/badge/Svelte-4A4A55?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=FF3E00)
![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white)
[![GitMoji](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitmoji-%20😜%20😍-FFDD67.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://gitmoji.dev)

### Backend & Database

![.NET](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=.net&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-00000F?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)

</div>

## 📈 GitHub Analytics

<div align="center">

[![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=josunlp&layout=compact&theme=midnight-purple&hide_border=true&langs_count=8)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=josunlp&theme=midnight-purple&hide_border=true)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=josunlp&theme=tokyonight&row=2&margin-w=20&no-bg=true&no-frame=true)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)

![Random Dev Quote](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=tokyonight&border=true)

</div>

## 🎯 Featured Projects

> A selection of my favorite open-source projects

### 🎬 user-enable-pip

> **Browser Script for Picture-in-Picture**

A useful script that removes disabled Picture-in-Picture flags on websites. A follow-up development of the original ZDF and Crunchyroll scripts.

**🔗 Links:** [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/JosunLP/user-enable-pip/)

---

### 🚀 WAPS-Framework

> **PHP Web Application Framework**

A modular PHP web framework designed for fast and easy development of small to medium-sized projects. Originally started as a learning project, it continues to evolve into a solid, fully open-source PHP framework.

**✨ Features:**

- 🔧 Modular Architecture
- 📱 Responsive Design Support
- 🔒 Security-Focused
- 📚 Comprehensive Documentation

**🔗 Links:** [Live Demo](https://waps.josunlp.de/) | [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/WAPS-Project/WAPS-Framework)

---

### 🛠️ bQuery.js

> **The jQuery for the modern Web Platform.**

bQuery.js is a slim, TypeScript-first library that combines jQuery's direct DOM workflow with modern features like reactivity, Web Components, and motion utilities — without a mandatory build step.

**🔗 Links:** [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/bQuery/bQuery)

---

### 📺 Sort-it-now

> **3D Box Packing Optimizer**

An intelligent 3D packing optimization service with interactive visualization.

**🔗 Links:** [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/JosunLP/sort-it-now)

---

### 🎨 QRify

> **QR Code generation made easy**

The most simple, privacy-first QR Code Generator you can find.
No tracking. No login. No subscription.

**🔗 Links:** [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/JosunLP/qr-code-generator)

---

### 🌐 Corsify-proxy

> **CORS Header Proxy API**

A simple proxy API that adds CORS headers to Atom and RSS feeds. Solves cross-origin issues when integrating external feeds into web applications.

**🔗 Links:** [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/JosunLP/Corsify-proxy)

---

### 🔧 BrowserExtensionTemplate

> **Browser Extension Starter Template**

A basic template based on SASS and TypeScript for creating browser extensions without directly relying on larger frameworks.

**🔗 Links:** [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/JosunLP/BrowserExtensionTemplate)

## 💝 Support My Work

If you like my projects and want to support my work, I'd appreciate a small donation!

<div align="center">

[![Ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/JosunLP)

</div>

---

<div align="center">

### 🤝 Let's Stay Connected

I'm always happy to receive feedback, collaborations, or just a nice chat about technology and development.

**📧 Contact:** [Website](https://josunlp.de) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonas-pfalzgraf/)

---

_"Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it's bad."_ – Cory House

![Visitor Count](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=josunlp&style=flat-square&color=blue)

</div>
